DOCSUP-1362[CLICKHOUSEDOCS] [ClickHouse] Describe system tables for RBAC (#127)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables.md

If the storage policy contains more then one volume, then information for each volume is stored in the individual row of the table.

## system.quotas {#system_tables-quotas}

> Contains information about all [quotas](quotas.md) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains information about [quotas](quotas.md).
```

Columns:

> -  `name` ([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Name of a quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `name` ([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Quota name.
```

> -   `id` ([UUID](../sql-reference/data-types/uuid.md)) — ID of the quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `id` ([UUID](../sql-reference/data-types/uuid.md)) — Quota ID.
```

> -   `storage`(String) — Storage of quotas. Possible value: "users.xml", "disk".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `storage`(String) — Storage of quotas. Possible value: "users.xml" if a quota configured in the users.xml file, "disk" if a quota configured by an SQL-query.
```

-   `key_type` ([Enum8](../sql-reference/data-types/enum.md)) — The quota can be tracked separately for each key value. Values:
    -   `'none' = 0` — All users share the same quota.
    -   `'user name' = 1` — Connections with the same user name share the same quota.
    -   `'ip address' = 2` — Connections from the same IP share the same quota.

>     -   `'client key' = 3` — Client should explicitly supply a key to use. When using clickhouse-client, this is the `--quota-key` parameter value from the command line, or the `quote_key` value from the client config.

Reviewer: quota key or quote key?
supply or provide?
"a key to use" or "a key for quota tracking"?

Author: Fixed

-   `intervals.randomize_interval` (Array(UInt8)) — Logical value, it is shows whether the interval is randomized. Interval always starts at the same time if it is not randomized. For example, an interval of 1 minute always starts at an integer number of minutes (i.e. it can start at 11:20:00, but it never starts at 11:20:01), an interval of one day always starts at midnight UTC. The randomized interval starts anytime. Values:
    -   `0` — Interval is not randomized.
    -   `1` — Interval is randomized.
-   `intervals.max_queries` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of queries.
-   `intervals.max_errors` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of errors.
-   `intervals.max_result_rows` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of result rows.
-   `intervals.max_result_bytes` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of RAM volume in bytes used to store a queries result.
-   `intervals.max_read_rows` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of rows given as a result.
-   `intervals.max_read_bytes` (Array(UInt64)) — Maximum number of bytes read from all tables and table functions participated in queries.
-   `intervals.max_execution_time` (Array(Float64)) — Maximum of the query execution time, in seconds.

> ## system.quota_limits {#system_tables-quota_limits}

Reviewer: Are here some columns exist?

-   `errors` (Nullable(UInt64)) — The number of queries that threw an exception.
-   `max_errors` (Nullable(UInt64)) — Maximum number of errors.
-   `result_rows` (Nullable(UInt64)) — The total number of rows given as a result.
-   `max_result_rows` (Nullable(UInt64)) — Maximum number of result rows.
-   `result_bytes` (Nullable(UInt64)) — RAM volume in bytes used to store a queries result.
-   `max_result_bytes` (Nullable(UInt64)) — Maximum RAM volume used to store a queries result, in bytes.
-   `read_rows` (Nullable(UInt64)) — The total number of source rows read from tables for running the query on all remote servers.
-   `max_read_rows` (Nullable(UInt64)) — Maximum of source rows read from tables.
-   `read_bytes` (Nullable(UInt64)) — The total number of bytes read from all tables and table functions participated in queries. 
-   `max_read_bytes` (Nullable(UInt64)) — Maximum of bytes read from all tables and table functions.
-   `execution_time` (Nullable([Float64](../sql-reference/data-types/float.md))) — The total query execution time, in seconds (wall time).
-   `max_execution_time` (Nullable(Float64)) — Maximum of query execution time.

> ## system.quotas_usage {#system_tables-quotas_usage}

Reviewer: Columns?

If the storage policy contains more then one volume, then information for each volume is stored in the individual row of the table.

## system.quotas {#system_tables-quotas}
Contains information about [quotas](quotas.md).

Columns:
-  `name` ([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Quota name.
-   `id` ([UUID](../sql-reference/data-types/uuid.md)) — Quota ID.
-   `storage`([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Storage of quotas. Possible value: "users.xml" if a quota configured in the users.xml file, "disk" if a quota configured by an SQL-query.

> -   `key_type` ([Enum8](../sql-reference/data-types/enum.md)) — The type of key that the quota is tracked for. Values:

Reviewer 2: I've slightly changed that. `key_type` is now an array of Enum8. `none` has been changed to `[]`, `client key or user name` => `[client_key, user_name]`.

Author: I see that another rows in this table changed too?

Author: *columns, of course))

> -   `key_type` ([Enum8](../sql-reference/data-types/enum.md)) — The type of key that the quota is tracked for. Values:

Reviewer 2: Key specifies how the quota should be shared. If two connections use the same quota and key they share the same amounts of resources.

Author: Fixed.

    -   `'none' = 0` — All users share the same quota.
    -   `'user name' = 1` — Connections with the same user name share the same quota.
    -   `'ip address' = 2` — Connections from the same IP share the same quota.

>     -   `'client key' = 3` — Connections with the same key, which explicitly provide by client, share the same quota. When using clickhouse-client, this is the `--quota-key` parameter value from the command line, or the `quota_key` value from the client config. If using HTTP interface, you can specify the "X-ClickHouse-Quota" parameter in the request header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `'client key' = 3` — Connections with the same key share the same quota. A key must be explicitly provided by a client. When using [clickhouse-client](../interfaces/cli.md), pass a key value in the `--quota-key` parameter, or use the `quota_key` parameter in the client configuration file. When using HTTP interface, use the `X-ClickHouse-Quota` header.
```

>     -   `'client key or user name' = 4` — Uses `client key`, but if the client doesn't provide a key, `user name` uses.

Reviewer: Who uses?

```suggestion
    -   `'client key or user name' = 4` — Connections with the same `client key` share the same quota. If a key isn't provided by a client, the qouta is tracked for `user name`.
```

>     -   `'client key or ip address' = 5` — Uses `client key`, but if the client doesn't provide a key, `ip_address` uses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `'client key or ip address' = 5` — Connections with the same `client key` share the same quota. If a key isn't provided by a client, the qouta is tracked for `ip address`.
```

> -   `roles` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md))) — Name of the [roles](../operations/access-rights.md#role-management) or users should use this quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `roles` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md))) — Name of the [roles](../operations/access-rights.md#role-management) or users which share this quota.
```

> -   `roles` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../sql-reference/data-types/string.md))) — Name of the [roles](../operations/access-rights.md#role-management) or users which share this quota.

Reviewer 2: Please don't use the word `share` in this text, because `sharing` is more likely about key, not about roles.
I've changed this field recently too.

Author: Yes, I change to "use".

> -   `intervals.duration` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Length of the time intervals, in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `intervals.duration` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Time interval lengths in seconds.
```

> -   `intervals.randomize_interval` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt8](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges))) — Logical value, it is shows whether the interval is randomized. Interval always starts at the same time if it is not randomized. For example, an interval of 1 minute always starts at an integer number of minutes (i.e. it can start at 11:20:00, but it never starts at 11:20:01), an interval of one day always starts at midnight UTC. The randomized interval starts anytime. Values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `intervals.randomize_interval` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt8](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges))) — Logical value. It shows whether the interval is randomized. Interval always starts at the same time if it is not randomized. For example, an interval of 1 minute always starts at an integer number of minutes (i.e. it can start at 11:20:00, but it never starts at 11:20:01), an interval of one day always starts at midnight UTC. The randomized interval starts anytime. Values:
```

> -   `intervals.randomize_interval` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt8](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md#uint-ranges))) — Logical value. It shows whether the interval is randomized. Interval always starts at the same time if it is not randomized. For example, an interval of 1 minute always starts at an integer number of minutes (i.e. it can start at 11:20:00, but it never starts at 11:20:01), an interval of one day always starts at midnight UTC. The randomized interval starts anytime. Values:

Reviewer 2: > The randomized interval starts anytime.

Not exactly.
If interval is randomized then the very first interval starts at random time, other intervals start one after another.

Author: Fixed.

    -   `0` — Interval is not randomized.
    -   `1` — Interval is randomized.
-   `intervals.max_queries` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum number of queries.
-   `intervals.max_errors` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum number of errors.
-   `intervals.max_result_rows` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum number of result rows.

> -   `intervals.max_result_bytes` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum number of RAM volume in bytes used to store a queries result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `intervals.max_result_bytes` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum RAM volume in bytes that can be used to store a queries result.
```

> -   `intervals.max_read_rows` ([Array](../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([UInt64](../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md))) — Maximum number of rows given as a result.

Reviewer: I didn't uderstand the difference between this column meaning and the max_result_rows column meaning.

Reviewer 2: +1

It should be something like `Maximum number of rows read from all tables and table functions participated in queries.`

Author: I'm agree. It's mistake. Fixed.
